fldigi is not designed to operate full break in CW, but it does not prevent you from operating the transceiver in full break-in mode.  The software is always in one of three states: receive, transmit, or tune.  Using either a Winkeyer-USB, a Mortty, or a homebrew nanoIO CW interface I operate both full and semi break-in as follows:

    fldigi mode set to CW with appropiate interface enabled (config CW / Winkeyer / nanoCW)
    transceiver set to CW, either full or semi break in ( I operate both IC7200 and FT-897D with no change in procedure)
    disable CAT Ptt
    press the keyboard Pause/Break (P/B) key to toggle fldigi between Rx and Tx states
    Alt/Meta-R will perform the same function as the Pause/Break key
    in the Tx state you can enter keyboard text and it will immediately begin sending
    in the Rx state you can enter keyboard text and it will begin sending when the P/B key toggles to Tx
    toggling the P/B key will immediately change state
    toggling to Rx using the P/B key does not clear the transmit buffer, transmit text begins again at the transmit cursor position
    to clear the Tx panel
        use the right-click popup menu in the Tx panel
        if transmitting, press the T/R button to return to Rx and clear the panel
        create a clear Tx panel macro button
        add a "^r" or "^R" two character sequence to the end of the Rx text to automatically return to Rx and clear the Tx panel buffers.
    during transmit you can modify any text that has not yet been sent.
    during transmit you can left click on the remaining text to move the text insert cursor to that point.
    during transmit you can press the "Home" key to put the transmit cursor at the beginning of the transmit buffer
        transmission will pause when the insert cursor point is reached
        characters will be sent as soon as entered from the keyboard, moving remaining text to the right for subsequent transmission
        pressing the "End" key will move the transmit text insert cursor to the end of the text and the reaming transmit buffer text will begin transmission.
    During transmit you can skip all remaining text by pressing the "Tab" key.  Keyboard entry is enabled as above.
    During transmit you can press the "Esc" key to abort transmission.  The Tx text buffers are cleared.

    Pressing the control-r will insert the "^r" sequence.
    Pressing control-t is the same as pressing the T/R key.
    Pressing control-Tab will toggle the transmit insert cursor between end-of-text and the current transmit character point.  Easiest way to insert text at current transmit point.
    Keypad '+' increases WPM by 1 for each closure
    Keypad '-' decreases WPM by 1 for each closure


If the transceiver is set to full break in you will hear Rx between code elements.  If it is set to semi break in you will probably hear Rx after the delay interval set in the transceiver. 

You will need to modify your operating paridigm to fit the above model.

